Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- What are your initial impressions of how `Inheritance` affects your programming?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

My initial impression is that using Inheritance is super helpful in a project like this so that you don't have to write the same set-up code over and over again. It was cool that even though the house, library, and cafe all had different function and many different parameters, they could still share a lot of the setup `Building` code. 

For the most part, I think that the assigment went pretty smoothly for me. Over the last few homeworks, I've gotten a lot more familiar with the array tools, so it wasn't too difficult to implement them into the `House` class. I was also able to practice throwing runtime exceptions (hopefully I used them correctly), which was useful in this program. For the `Library` class, the Hashtable structure was definitely a bit confusing at first, because I was pretty unfamiliar with most of the functions. The website that was given about all the different functions was pretty helpful, but just took a little while to read through them all, decide which were useful in certain places, and them implement them. I also had a bit of trouble printing the collection at the end, and wasn't sure how to make it print in a more structured formating. I thought the cafe class pretty quick to figure out because it just had less functions than the other two types. I was also able to practice the runtime exceptions here, and I definitely feel more comfortable using them now than I did on my last assignment. I'm also not totally sure if/how I was supposed to incorporate `Student.java`, so I possibly missed something on that.
